---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gravicore_aws_appsync_graphql_api Resource - terraform-provider-gravicore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gravicore_aws_appsync_graphql_api (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gravicore_aws_appsync_graphql_api" "default" {
  name                = "provider-test-1"
  authentication_type = "AMAZON_COGNITO_USER_POOLS"
  api_type            = "MERGED"

  user_pool_config {
    user_pool_id   = "us-east-1_test"
    aws_region     = "us-east-1"
    default_action = "ALLOW"
  }

  merged_api_execution_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456:role/test"
  xray_enabled                  = true

  enhanced_metrics_config {
    resolver_level_metrics_behavior    = "PER_RESOLVER_METRICS"
    data_source_level_metrics_behavior = "PER_DATA_SOURCE_METRICS"
    operation_level_metrics_config     = "ENABLED"
  }

  log_config {
    field_log_level          = "NONE"
    cloudwatch_logs_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456:role/test"
    exclude_verbose_content  = true
  }

  tags = {
    Name  = "provider-test-1"
    Test1 = "test1"
    Test2 = "test2"
    Test3 = "test3"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_type` (String) The authentication type for the GraphQL API.
- `name` (String) The name of the GraphQL API.

### Optional

- `additional_authentication_providers` (Block List) A list of additional authentication providers for the GraphqlApi API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--additional_authentication_providers))
- `api_type` (String) The type of the GraphQL API.
- `enhanced_metrics_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration for the enhanced metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enhanced_metrics_config))
- `introspection_config` (String) The configuration for the introspection.
- `lambda_authorizer_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration for the Lambda authorizer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--lambda_authorizer_config))
- `log_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration for the log. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--log_config))
- `merged_api_execution_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the merged API execution role.
- `openid_connect_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration for the OpenID Connect provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--openid_connect_config))
- `owner_contact` (String) The contact information for the owner.
- `query_depth_limit` (Number) The depth limit for the query.
- `resolver_count_limit` (Number) The count limit for the resolver.
- `schema` (String) The schema definition for the GraphQL API.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags for the GraphQL API.
- `user_pool_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration for the user pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_pool_config))
- `visibility` (String) The visibility of the GraphQL API.
- `xray_enabled` (Boolean) Whether X-Ray tracing is enabled for the GraphQL API.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the GraphQL API.
- `id` (String) The ID of the GraphQL API.

<a id="nestedblock--additional_authentication_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_authentication_providers`

Required:

- `authentication_type` (String) The authentication type for the additional authentication provider.

Optional:

- `lambda_authorizer_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration for the Lambda authorizer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--additional_authentication_providers--lambda_authorizer_config))
- `openid_connect_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration for the OpenID Connect provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--additional_authentication_providers--openid_connect_config))
- `user_pool_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration for the user pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--additional_authentication_providers--user_pool_config))

<a id="nestedblock--additional_authentication_providers--lambda_authorizer_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_authentication_providers.lambda_authorizer_config`

Optional:

- `authorizer_result_ttl_seconds` (Number) The TTL for the authorizer result in seconds.
- `authorizer_uri` (String) The URI of the authorizer Lambda function.
- `identity_validation_expression` (String) The validation expression for the identity.


<a id="nestedblock--additional_authentication_providers--openid_connect_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_authentication_providers.openid_connect_config`

Optional:

- `auth_ttl` (Number) The TTL for the authentication token in seconds.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OpenID Connect provider.
- `iat_ttl` (Number) The TTL for the IAT token in seconds.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer URL for the OpenID Connect provider.


<a id="nestedblock--additional_authentication_providers--user_pool_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_authentication_providers.user_pool_config`

Optional:

- `app_id_client_regex` (String) The regular expression for validating the app client ID.
- `aws_region` (String) The AWS region for the user pool.
- `user_pool_id` (String) The ID of the user pool.



<a id="nestedblock--enhanced_metrics_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enhanced_metrics_config`

Required:

- `data_source_level_metrics_behavior` (String) The behavior for data source level metrics.
- `operation_level_metrics_config` (String) The configuration for operation level metrics.
- `resolver_level_metrics_behavior` (String) The behavior for resolver level metrics.


<a id="nestedblock--lambda_authorizer_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lambda_authorizer_config`

Optional:

- `authorizer_result_ttl_seconds` (Number) The TTL for the authorizer result in seconds.
- `authorizer_uri` (String) The URI of the authorizer Lambda function.
- `identity_validation_expression` (String) The validation expression for the identity.


<a id="nestedblock--log_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_config`

Optional:

- `cloudwatch_logs_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the CloudWatch Logs role.
- `exclude_verbose_content` (Boolean) Whether to exclude verbose content from the log.
- `field_log_level` (String) The log level for the field.


<a id="nestedblock--openid_connect_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `openid_connect_config`

Optional:

- `auth_ttl` (Number) The TTL for the authentication token in seconds.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OpenID Connect provider.
- `iat_ttl` (Number) The TTL for the IAT token in seconds.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer URL for the OpenID Connect provider.


<a id="nestedblock--user_pool_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_pool_config`

Optional:

- `app_id_client_regex` (String) The regular expression for validating the app client ID.
- `aws_region` (String) The AWS region for the user pool.
- `default_action` (String) The default action for the user pool.
- `user_pool_id` (String) The ID of the user pool.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import gravicore_aws_appsync_graphql_api.example api-id
```
